Hey guys welcome back.
We're going to do now is start adding the burdens to our navigation bar.
So there's a bunch of icons we need to use.
And if you remember I do use icons 8 which is a very good application for our kind of thousands of my
cousins in there.
But of course if you have your own source maybe your website or you already own the icons obviously
feel free to use those really go.
You can search for burns maybe a playbook and then you can see all these different styles of things
to do with play like you've got people playing you've got play burns here you've got these players down
here which are the ones I've used.
And also if you go to colour you see different styles for play.
So different style play buttons Windows 10 style one Windows 8 styled ones.
I like the IRS icons because they are pretty basic and we can also do is change the colour of your icons
appear to whatever you want to use.
And you see that the icons will change colour once it's just loading right now but the icons themselves
will change colour too.
If I change again it tax code to think that a lot of use for these is a 0 0 0 and it makes it that grey
colour.
So all you do is open up your
assets images icons folder and then you change the size to where you want.
Twenty five is fine for a small icon.
That's okay.
That's more than enough.
And then you just drag and drop the icon you want in to that.
And then you can rename it where you want maybe your name that play or something like that.
So that's what that's how you use it.
But what I need to do is take the kinds of values from my site.
So I've have a window open here and these are the icons I used for this site here.
OK.
So what I would do is copy and paste all of those.
Copy those.
Copy and paste into my icons folder and I will the same icons I used.
These will be in the course content obviously so if you want to use these icons too you can either go
find them yourself in here or you can just download the source file that's attached dyslexia and then
just copy and paste it completely up to you.
But this will just save you some time.
Okay so we have our icons now.
Great.
Now let's actually start adding them to the page.